hi welcome to i love movie recap
today i'm going to explain an action
horror and mystery film called the bad
batch
in the post-apocalyptic world arlen is
tossed to a wasteland beyond the us
border
it's a desert with little shelter from
the sun she has provided a bag a
basketball hat a burger and a can of
water as the last favor from the
government
she has to reach the comfort a town
where she can seek refuge
on the way she finds an abandoned car
and decides to get in for a rest
realizing strange people approach she
runs as fast as she can
unfortunately a strong man hunts her
down just after
waking up from the blackout arlen finds
herself being chained
a woman appears and injects her with
some desensitizer
just then she cuts arlen's arm and leg
with a handsaw
arlen cries out in pain and passes out
again
it turns out arlen is captured by a
cannibal tribe called the bridge
they make a living from the leftovers
left in the junkyards and hunt humans
for food
to survive in the harsh desert women and
men have to be strong and well built
their leader is miami man
at night arlen gains awareness and
realizes her limbs are gone
she then thinks of a plan to escape from
the hunters
the next morning the chef woman sees
arlen in her own waist
she is then unchained for cleaning up
while the woman doesn't notice arlen
kills her with an iron bar
next she crawls away and finds a
skateboard
she eventually escapes and makes her way
to the comfort as planned
as she encounters heat stroke a mute man
rescues and later brings her right to
the comfort
strange enough the man just leaves when
arlen is surrounded by people from the
town
five months later arlen starts to get
used to her life in comfort
she is given a prosthetic leg in a house
arlen still fantasizes about her body
with a normal arm
she decides to take revenge on those who
cut her arm and leg
arlen walks out of the comfort with a
pistol
meanwhile miami man's wife and daughter
are on their way to seek for food and
necessity as usual the wife accidentally
cuts her leg in the landfill
arlen realizes that the two are from the
cannibal bridge
she then accuses the woman for her loss
and bloody shoots her in the head
the little girl shakes her mother but
she's dead later the mute man notices
that arlen is on her way back to the
comfort followed by the little girl
as feeling sorry arlen then buys the
girl a pet rabbit
the girl doesn't want to talk to arlen
but she attaches to the bunny
elsewhere miami man begins looking for
his wife and daughter around the desert
he finds his wife's corpse at a party
for the crows
miami man then sees the mute man and
asks him for information
the man requires miami man to draw him a
portrait in exchange for his daughter's
location
pleased with the result the mute man
then writes miami man to find his girl
in comfort
at night the girl follows arlen to hang
out around the town
although born and raised in the cannibal
tribe the girl gets scared seeing a
bunny get killed for food
tonight the folks are gathering to see
the dream the comforts leader
the dream holds a party with dj jimmy
and bright neon lights against the
desert sky
he gives his residents hallucinatory
drugs to enter their own dreams and
forget about their struggling lives
as the bunny runs away the little girl
chases after and sees the dream
he takes her inside with one of his
pregnant wives
in hallucination arlen knows that she
has lost the girl but her body can't
follow her logical thinking
she wonders the value of living in
comfort while wandering to look for the
girl
arlen then leaves comfort alone in the
night
while getting high and enjoying the
starry sky arlen runs into miami man who
is looking for his missing daughter
she doesn't know why there is a big man
standing in front of her
arlen just rests her head on his chest
after that
the following morning arlen wakes up and
her artificial leg is missing miami man
didn't kill her last night for food as
usual because he knows arlen is from the
comfort
he confronts her about his missing girl
while threatening to destroy her leg
realizing the danger from the canninal
bridge arlen lies that she can help
miami man to find his daughter in
comfort
miami threatens arlen that if she can't
find her he'll kill her at all cost
while the two are returning to the
comfort a man riding a bike approach
he wants to trade gasoline for flesh
which is a leg for marlin
miami man accepts right away
arlen is then carried away on the man's
shoulder
just then miami man turns his back and
attacks the man with his knife
he chops one arm saving for food miami
man steals the man's scooter and drives
off with arlen
on the way the two stop by a bush so
arlen can go to the toilet
there is suddenly a windstorm raging on
miami man covers arlen with a piece of
cloth
this time something sparks between them
but they never say it out loud
at night miami man grills the arm for
dinner
arlen asks why he ended up being exiled
miami man reveals that he is a cuban and
immigrated to the us illegally
he even draws cuba's location to show
arlen
she gets closer and shows him some of
her tattoos
she suddenly steals a knife from miami
and points at him for defense
miami man challenges her to stab him in
the stomach but arlen seems reluctant
all of a sudden he gets shot from
nowhere in the chest right after that
a man appears and points the gun at
miami man
he urges arlen to follow and assures
that she'll be safe with him it turns
out he's from the comfort
arlen returns home that night
strangely she doesn't feel all right
about being rescued
the following day she becomes deep in
thoughts about miami man
she decides to step out of comfort and
looks for him
arriving at the fire last night she only
sees his blood on the ground in his
drawing notebook left
elsewhere the mute man sees some crows
landing
he then finds miami man lying on the
ground luckily he is still alive
the mute man traps a crow with his shirt
at night he uses the crow for food and
nurses miami
the wounded man finds the animal meat
tasteless but he still takes it from the
mute man meanwhile arlen flips over the
drawing notes and decides to help miami
man to find his daughter
after a long day arlen comes across the
girl following the dream's wives
it turns out the girl is living with the
dream in his palace during this time
miami man is fully recovered
he receives the knife from the mute man
and continues searching for his young
girl
before leaving the mute man gives him a
snow globe and trades it with miami's
hunt knife
back to comfort arlen decides to show up
at the dream's door
entering his palace she finds many young
pregnant women making some drugs and
marijuana
the dream arrives and lets her know that
the comforts economy runs on these drugs
the man then invites arlen a drink but
she just holds it for politeness knowing
that the drink is drugged while talking
the dream knows that arlen doesn't like
to live in comfort for the past months
he states that if it is not comfort
arlen will be eaten out there in the
desert
arlen says that she wants to be one of
his ladies attempting to get closer to
him
as expected the dream orders a woman to
prepare a room for arlen
later a young pregnant woman takes care
of arlen
in the toilet arlen draws a pistol that
she had under the prosthetic leg before
she points the gun at the woman and uses
her as a hostage
eventually the dream has to release
miami's daughter for the safety of his
wife
arlen drives off with the little girl
and her bunny
the dream and the residents do not
accept her in comfort anymore
arlen is fine with it as she has been
longing to leave comfort
she thinks it is just not right to live
in lies and drugs
she understands that the outside world
is dangerous but she rather fends for
herself
on the way arlen sees a vehicle coming
this time she doesn't run away
she holds the pistol and gets ready to
fight for whoever it is
it turns out to be miami man
the daughter and father reunite after
days apart
miami tells arlen to leave and he won't
hurt her as promised
arlen says that she would never go back
to comfort and wants to stay with him in
the desert
miami tries to dissuade her believing
that she will not survive in the harsh
desert
arlen just holds his hand attempting to
be with him
the daughter asks for spaghetti as she
is already used to the food in the
mansion
miami man takes her pet rabbit as food
and the three of them rest by the fire
eating it miami man and arlen look each
other in the eye and smile
the movie end here thanks for watching
subscribe for more